README.md, before:

Here i used pycham.
First i import Tkinter module (Tkinter is a GUI library for Python),
after that i used Tk() (Tk is interface) Then 

add pic Tkinter1.png

Then i added mainloop() for loop the window,
and Window size sett to (350 x 500), Added text height and width [window = tk.Text(window, height=1, width=30)]
and also i added font size (60) [font="size=60"]

picture Tkinter2.png

and i give padding to text 
[wind = tk.Text(window, height=1, width=30, font="size=60")
wind.pack(pady=10)]

picture Tkinter.3

after i (added padx =20)

picture Tkinter4.png

Set tex state to DISABLE to make Tkinter text read only
[text_display.configure(state='disabled')]

Final igot pass the value to screen by using lambda function
Python Lambda Functions are anonymous function means that the function is
 without a name. As we already know that the def keyword is used to define
 a normal function in Python. Similarly, the lambda keyword is used to 
define an anonymous function in Python.

[

def on_click(text):
    text_display.insert(0, text)


Bt1 = Button(window, text=" 1 ", command=lambda: on_click("1"))
Bt1.pack()

]

set text left to right (justify = right)

added minimum and maximum size of window (350 x 500)
i change minimun and maximum size of window (350 x 500) to resizable(0, 0) so we 
can't change window size

Commit message:

created textvariable as text_values to set output to display values

README.md, after:

Here i used pycham.
First i import Tkinter module (Tkinter is a GUI library for Python),
after that i used Tk() (Tk is interface) Then 

add pic Tkinter1.png

Then i added mainloop() for loop the window,
and Window size sett to (350 x 500), Added text height and width [window = tk.Text(window, height=1, width=30)]
and also i added font size (60) [font="size=60"]

picture Tkinter2.png

and i give padding to text 
[wind = tk.Text(window, height=1, width=30, font="size=60")
wind.pack(pady=10)]

picture Tkinter.3

after i (added padx =20)

picture Tkinter4.png

Set tex state to DISABLE to make Tkinter text read only
[text_display.configure(state='disabled')]

Final igot pass the value to screen by using lambda function
Python Lambda Functions are anonymous function means that the function is
 without a name. As we already know that the def keyword is used to define
 a normal function in Python. Similarly, the lambda keyword is used to 
define an anonymous function in Python.

[

def on_click(text):
    text_display.insert(0, text)


Bt1 = Button(window, text=" 1 ", command=lambda: on_click("1"))
Bt1.pack()

]

set text left to right (justify = right)

added minimum and maximum size of window (350 x 500)
i change minimun and maximum size of window (350 x 500) to resizable(0, 0) so we 
can't change window size,created textvariable as text_values to set output to display values
